There are 5 data types. Which are following:-

1. Numeric:- Integer, Float, Complex Number

2. Boolean:- It has 2 values, Ture and False

3. Dictionary:-
        i) Dictionary is a collection of key-value pairs like HashMap in Java
        ii) Dictionary is a mutable data structures that allow to store of key-value pairs.
        iii) An empty dictionary can be either created using {} or dict()

4. Set:-
        a. It is a collection of non-repetitive elements.
        b. It is an unordered.
        c. sets are un-indexed which means we cannot access elements by index
        d. We cannot change an item in set
        e. sets cannot contain duplicates
        f. empty set defined like:- var = set()
        g. set store every item inside curly brackets. e.g var = {1, "Ros", True}

5. Sequence:- String, Tuple, List
        a. String:-
                 i) A String is a sequence of characters enclosed in either single quotes('') or double quotes("")
                 ii) Python Strings are immutable which means they cannot be changed once they are created

        b. Tuple:-
                 i) A tuple is a data structure that stores a collection of ordered items that cannot be changed after
                    creation.
                 ii) It is Immutable
                 i) Set stores elements inside round brackets, ()
                 ii) empty tuple, e.g. var = (), aware of set definition for empty set
                 iii) single element tuple, e.g. var = (1,). Note:- For an element Tuple we must use a comma
                     after the element otherwise it is considered a variable, not a Tuple

        c. List:-
               i) A list is a data structure in a python that is mutable or changeable.
               ii) Elements are in ordered sequence inside the list.
               iii) Each element or value inside a list is called an item.
               iv) Like Strings are defined as characters between quotes, Lists are defined by having values between
                    square brackets []


NOTE:-
      1. To know the data type of a variable in Python we have to use, type(variableName)
      2. To change the data type of a variable in Python we need to use, desiredDataType(variable)


The data structures in Python are:-
   1. List
   2. Set
   3. Tuples
   4. Dictionary


Mathematical Operation Sequence in Python
PEMDAS:-
    1. P = Parenthesis
    2. E = Exponent:- double asterisk(**) is used from exponentiation
    3. M = Multiplication
    4. D = Division
    5. A = Addition
    6. S = Subtraction
